alright this is part two of the review
for twilight zone I'm going to go over
the playfield layout and some of the
shots so let's take a quick look first
of all when you start a ball in Twilight
Zone you do so with a manual plunger and
that's what controls our skill shot the
skill shot sip some light on it need to
shoot up the shooter lane and you'll
notice there's this red color with a
switch an orange color with a switch and
the yellow color the switch and then
there's a scoop you want to try and
shoot as close to the scoop as possible
without it going in so you want it to
roll up to say to yellow and when it
rolls back down there's that diverter
which will drop it here into the rocket
ship which will shoot the ball across
the field and then bring it down into
the pops the the different level of
color you get will determine determine
the number of points you get and then
how many of the pop bumpers are lit for
bonus points if you shoot up into the
scoop it comes to this this kick out and
brings it down to the flippers to start
and you don't get any bonus points the
way the game is basically played is
right here this is called the door it
let it has all of the different modes
you can play and to start a mode you can
do it one of two ways one the mo that's
lit is started by hitting this piano
shot up here most easily hit with this
flipper if you hit that it starts the
mode let's lit and then you know
according to that mode you'll have to
make certain shots to complete it rack
up as many points as you can until the
moto x out another way to start a mode
is hitting this slot this scoop right
here and it will randomly pick them up
it's a slot machine so the rails will
spin and then one of the modes will
begin
a couple of really unique things on this
machine appears the mini play filled you
get the ball up here and it's called
battling the power you notice that says
flip here there's just an empty space
that's because there's some
electromagnets under the mini play field
that will drive the ball just kind of
fling it up so it works on like
invisible flippers while battling the
power you're trying to keep it for
falling down this hole and you want to
knock it up through the disk top hole
here doing so award you some points and
give you a little door panel excuse me
another couple of cool toys on here is
we have the gumball machine it works and
functions like a real gum ball machine
and you can see right here balls come
out this actually turns ball falls out
kicks out over here you can move the
gumball a couple different ways there's
a mode for it there's also you hit the
left ramp and you hit the light right
ramp able to light the gumball mode and
then over here to shoot here to load
gumball it takes your ball picks it up
into the Machine and drops out another
one if you can see there's a white
pinball in there that's called the
Powerball when the Powerball is released
from the gumball machine you get to play
with a ball its ceramic so it's lighter
so it flies around the machine a lot
faster and it's not affected by any sort
of magnets what you need to do is return
the gumball back to the gumball machine
for a bunch of points once you've
completed all the door panels and you
can start the the game's wizard mode
which is called the lost in the zone
mode crazy mode everything's worth
really big points all sorts of crazy
stuff going on all over the place I was
going to start it up and show the mode
but I think it's one of those things
that's just best seeing in person this
is the other cool toy I was going to
show you it's the clock the clock can
keep actual time while you're not
playing but there's one mode that's
called clock millions and the clock will
start spinning backwards and this shot
right here Awards big points that
increase in value is you keep making
contact with the target the game has a
ton of shots to hit it's just packed
full of crazy amounts of things it's a
great game as far as you know having to
hit specific shots if you look some of
these orbit shots you got the left orbit
there you get the right orbit here
they're really tight shots on great lots
of great skill shots I'm from this
flipper here see typically upper
flippers are usually made to hit one of
a couple shots this one you can send it
up into the town square or the camera
which is right underneath the split
count here and this other flipper here
is like Santos meant for starting modes
but it's also a way of hitting some of
the other standing targets that are out
there all in all I this is my personal
favorite pinball machine it has some of
the best music you'll ever hear it's got
some of the most challenging shots you
need to make and the animations on the
dot matrix display are great and the
audio like a spoken voice is everything
is just really really great it's an
awesome theme it's one that if you're an
expert pinball player there's plenty of
do plenty to do the vote the modes are
very varied and if you're a amateur
player or you know you just want to flip
around for a little bit this game is
great because there's so many cool
things and it and it happens pretty
quickly there's not a lot of waiting for
for you to start seeing some of the neat
toys and animations up on the screen so
all in all this is like I said one of my
favorite pavilions it probably my most
played pinball game in my personal
collection and one that I don't see
myself unloading at any time so if I had
to have just one pinball machine this
would definitely be it